Add preconnect example for 103 early hints and add warning that some … (#29594)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/http/status/103/index.md

## Examples

### Preconnect example

The following `103` early hint response shows an early hint response where the server indicates that the client might want to preconnect to a particular origin (`https://cdn.example.com`).
Just like the HTML [`rel=preconnect`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preconnect) attribute this is a hint that the page is likely to need resources from the target resource's origin, and that the browser can likely improve the user experience by preemptively initiating a connection to that origin.

```http
103 Early Hint
Link: <https://cdn.example.com>; rel=preconnect, <https://cdn.example.com>; rel=preconnect; crossorigin
```

> This example includes a additional origin used to load resources and also a [`crossorigin`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) connection to that same origin for loading fonts or other [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)-protected resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example includes an additional origin used to load resources and also a [`crossorigin`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) connection to that same origin for loading fonts or other [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)-protected resources.
```

> This example includes an additional origin used to load resources and also a [`crossorigin`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) connection to that same origin for loading fonts or other [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)-protected resources.
> 

Reviewer: Continuing discussion from https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/29594#discussion_r1388681296

>>> What does adding crossorigin here mean? I mean by default doesn't this mean anonymous so same as not having the header at all for CORS?

>> I just think perhaps anything at all to do with CORS needs a little explanation

> @[tunetheweb](https://github.com/tunetheweb) tunetheweb [7 hours ago]
> No, by [default (that is, when the attribute is not specified), CORS is not used at all.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin#:~:text=By%20default%20(that%20is%2C%20when%20the%20attribute%20is%20not%20specified)%2C%20CORS%20is%20not%20used%20at%20all.) That is different from crossorigin=anonymous which sets CORS headers.
> 
> As I stated on line 45, this attribute is needed for "[pre]loading fonts or other CORS-protected resources". Not sure what other explanation we need here? And any other explanation is probably better placed in the linked [crossorigin attribute page](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) or the linked [CORS page](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) don't you think?

Every time I read up on CORS my head turns to mush. So this is me, not you. That said, I am sure there are others who are equally confused, so I don't think it hurts to be careful here, and perhaps say a little more than you might otherwise. 
I think the term "additional origin" here is what confuses the English. Would this work?

```suggestion
This example links two origins.
The first origin is used to preconnect for loading cross-origin resources that can be fetched without CORS, such as images.
The second is used to preconnect to the same origin, but for loading [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)-protected resources, such as fonts.
```

I am assuming that the following sentence is OK - users will understand that preconnecting is still useful even though the font is preloaded by the fetched resource.

Author: > Every time I read up on CORS my head turns to mush. So this is me, not you. 

Oh this is you, me and just about every web developer out there! 😀

That mostly looks good to me, but will a few slight tweaks:

```suggestion
This example preconnects to `https://cdn.example.com` twice:
- The first connection would be used for loading resources that can be fetched without CORS, such as images.
- The second connection includes the [`crossorigin`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) attribute and would be used for loading [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)-protected resources, such as fonts.

CORS-protected resources must be fetched over a completely separate connection. If you only need one type of resource from an origin then you only need to preconnect once.

```

## Examples

### Preconnect example

> The following `103` early hint response indicates origins to preconnect to so they are available to be used to load the site resources with minimal delay:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following `103` early hint response shows an early hint response where the server indicates that the client might want to preconnect to a particular origin (`https://cdn.example.com`).
Just like the HTML [`rel=preconnect`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/rel/preconnect) attribute this is a hint that the page is likely to need resources from the target resource's origin, and that the browser can likely improve the user experience by preemptively initiating a connection to that origin.
```

## Examples

### Preconnect example

### Early hint to preconnect

The following `103` early hint response indicates origins to preconnect to so they are available to be used to load the site resources with minimal delay:

```http
103 Early Hint
Link: <https://cdn.example.com>; rel=preconnect, <https://cdn.example.com>; rel=preconnect; crossorigin
```

> This example includes a additional origin used to load resources and also a [`crossorigin`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) connection to that same origin for loading fonts or other [CORS](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS)-protected resources.

Reviewer: What does adding `crossorigin` here mean? I mean by default doesn't this mean `anonymous` so same as not having the header at all for CORS? 

I just think perhaps anything at all to do with CORS needs a little explanation

Author: No, by [default (that is, when the attribute is not specified), CORS is not used at all.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin#:~:text=By%20default%20(that%20is%2C%20when%20the%20attribute%20is%20not%20specified)%2C%20CORS%20is%20not%20used%20at%20all.) That is different from `crossorigin=anonymous` which sets CORS headers.

As I stated on line 45, this attribute is needed for "[pre]loading fonts or other CORS-protected resources". Not sure what other explanation we need here? And any other explanation is probably better placed in the linked [`crossorigin` attribute page](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Attributes/crossorigin) or the linked [CORS page](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS) don't you think?
